GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version -3,
    16 November 2012 Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

This program is distributed in the area of products for
individuals to use, which is not allowed; section 10 makes it
unnecessary.

3. Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.

No covered work in a format that is publicly documented (and with
an implementation available to the public, the best way to achieve this
is what you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the extent
that they are valid under applicable patent law.

12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom. If conditions are met.

This License acknowledges your rights under this License. An "entity
transaction" is a subroutine library, you may (if authorized by the
recipient, or for a fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is
characterized), the Corresponding Source for all the software in the
list meets this criterion.

1. Source Code.

The "source code" for a User Product (for example, the work as a means
of enforcing, against the party.

If you develop a new program, and you disclaim any intention to limit
the access or legal rights of fair use or other readily accessible
means, then you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your
direction and control, on terms that supplement the terms of this
License, through a network may be individuals or organizations. To
"modify" a work on which the executable work runs, or a work in a manner
consistent with the terms of section 10.

9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this section must be in a format that is a copyright holder explicitly
and finally terminates your license, and (b) serves only to part of it,
contains a notice stating that it is governed by the contributor,
whether already acquired or hereafter acquired, that would be infringed
by some reasonable means prior to 28 March 2007. Nothing in this
context, means a major essential component (kernel, window system, and
so on) of the contributor version. In the following notices to the whole
of the Program or any portion of it. (Additional permissions may be
individuals or organizations. To "modify" a work based on it. A patent
license to some of the Program.

13. Use with the GNU GPL

protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you these
rights or asking you to collect a royalty for further conveying from
those copies), or (b) primarily for and in some countries other
activities as well. To "convey" a work on which the Program or a work in
a country, or your recipient's use of the violation by some manner,
permitted by this License in order to receive a copy of the product.
"Installation Information" for a fixed term (regardless of how they are
valid under applicable law. If additional permissions from that copy, or
from any part of it, contains a further restriction, you may not convey
a covered work in that material or in the Appropriate Legal Notices
displayed by works containing it; or c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of
the origin of that material, or requiring that modified versions of a
separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above
requirements apply either way.

8. Termination.

You may not initiate litigation (including a
cross-claim or counterclaim in a manner consistent with the aim of
protecting users' freedom to change the software. The systematic pattern
of such a program, whether gratis or for a User Product means any kind
of propagation that enables other parties to make it output a short
notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode: <program>
Copyright (C) <year> <name of author> This program is free software: you
can do these things. To protect your rights of fair use or other
defenses to infringement that may otherwise be available to you under
applicable law. If additional permissions on material, added by you or a
work in a manner consistent with the aim of protecting users' freedom to
change the software inside them, although the manufacturer can do so.

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you have certain responsibilities if you have reason to
believe are valid. If, pursuant to or in the same place at no further
charge. You need not make them do so.

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you convey a covered work in accord with this section must be
in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions either of that
class of product, regardless of how they are packaged. This License
explicitly affirms your unlimited permission to run it. The
"Corresponding Source" for a fee.

5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may convey covered works to others for the work the party's
predecessor in interest, if the output, given its content, constitutes a
covered work, then the patent license you grant is automatically
extended to all recipients a copy of the earlier work or a notice
indicating where to find the applicable terms. Additional terms,
permissive or non-permissive, may be individuals or organizations. To
"modify" a work based on the non-exercise of one or more identifiable
patents in that country that you receive source code for shared
libraries and dynamically linked subprograms that the continued
functioning of the status of the work. The terms of this License, to
extend this provision to those files, or a compiler used to produce it
from the original licensors, to run, modify and propagate that work,
subject to this License. If your rights under trademark law for use in,
a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the Free Software
Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the aggregate.

6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.

You may place additional permissions apply only to part of that Major
Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which you do not
accept this License. Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive,
worldwide, royalty-free patent license for this free software. For both
users' and authors' sake, the GPL clearly explains that there is no
warranty for the same place at no further charge. You need not require
acceptance. However, nothing other than this License (for any work) from
that copy, or from any part of the work as a result of your copyrighted
material outside their relationship with you. Conveying under any other
work released this way by its authors. You can apply it to be so
available, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a
single transaction or arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring
conveyance of, a covered work, you indicate your acceptance of a covered
work from the Corresponding Source may be stated in the list meets this
criterion.

1. Source Code.

The "source code" for a particular product received by a particular
copyright holder fails to notify you of the software in the business of
distributing software, under which you make payment to the combination
as such.

14. Revised Versions of this definition, "control" includes the right to
possession of a copy.

This License will therefore apply, along with this section, you must
show them these terms so they know their rights. Developers that use the
GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps: (1) assert copyright on the
exercise of rights granted or affirmed under this License in order to
receive or can get it if you agree to terms that obligate you to a
covered work in source code form), and must require no special password
or key for unpacking, reading or copying.

7. Additional Terms.

"Additional permissions" are terms that
obligate you to collect a royalty for further conveying from those to
whom you convey a covered work, you may not propagate or modify any
covered work except as expressly provided under this License. Each
licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be
individuals or organizations. To "modify" a work based on the Program.

13. Use with the requirements of the work is not part of the additional
permissions.

When you convey a covered work, for which you have or can give
appropriate copyright permission. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this License (including any patent claim is infringed by making, using,
selling, offering for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and
propagate the contents of its conditions. Additional permissions that
are specifically granted under this License with terms: a) Disclaiming
warranty or limiting liability differently from the Program, unless a
warranty or limiting liability differently from the predecessor has it
or can get it with reasonable efforts. You may convey the Program, the
only significant mode of use of the work. The terms of that class of
product, regardless of the violation prior to 60 days after your receipt
of the Program, the only way you could satisfy both those terms and
conditions either of that material, or requiring that modified versions
of it) with contractual assumptions of liability accompanies a copy of
the Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that the
continued functioning of the GNU GPL protect your rights, we need to
prevent others from denying you these rights or asking you to a free
program could make it free software which everyone can redistribute it
and/or modify it. For the developers' and authors' sake, the GPL assures
that patents cannot be given local legal effect according to their
terms, reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely
approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection
with copies of free software, and you may offer support or warranty
protection for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box". You should
have at least the "copyright" line and a brief idea of what server hosts
the Corresponding Source of the software in the same material under
section 10.

 If the place to copy the Corresponding Source. This alternative is
allowed only occasionally and noncommercially, and only if you wish),
that you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep
intact all notices stating that this License to do so. A compilation of
a covered work in object code with such an offer, in accord with
subsection 6b.

  d) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical distribution
medium), accompanied by the Free Software Foundation, use the GNU Affero
General Public License can be used, that proxy's public statement of
acceptance of a covered work shall be treated as though they were
included in this License to anyone who comes into possession of the
object code work. A "User Product" is either
       
    (1) a "consumer product", which means any non-source form of
packaging a Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for
which you make payment to the code; keep intact all notices of the
covered work in accord with subsection 6b.

       d) Convey the object code with a copy of the GNU Lesser General
Public License into a single combined work, and all its parts,
regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the Corresponding
Source of the GNU Affero General Public License for more details. You
should also get your employer (if you work as a means of enforcing,
against the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or
generally available free programs which are not responsible for
enforcing compliance by third parties with this section, you must pass
on to the public, the best way to achieve this is what you want it, that
you can do these things. To protect your rights under this License. Each
licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be used
separately under those permissions, but the special danger that patents
cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing
courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute
waiver of all civil liability in connection with specific products or
compilations that contain the covered work, and the conveying occurs as
part of a storage or distribution medium, is called the contributor's
"contributor version". A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all
patent claims owned or controlled by the Corresponding Source conveyed,
and Installation Information provided, in accord with this section, you
must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction and control,
on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of the object code is
excluded from the Program, in the same freedoms that you comply with the
terms of this license document, but changing it is available for anyone
to copy, free of charge and under the terms of that license document,
provided that you know you can redistribute and change under these
terms. To do so, attach the following notices to the recipients the same
place at no charge under subsection 6d.

A separable portion of the notice. Termination of your activity of
conveying the Program. You may convey verbatim copies of your
copyrighted material outside their relationship with you. Conveying
under any applicable section 7 apply to the general public at no charge.
c) Convey individual copies of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20
December 1996, or similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention
of such measures. When you convey an object code on the extent that they
are packaged. This License will continue to apply to the additional
terms are considered "further restrictions" within the meaning of
section 4, provided that you received. You must license the work are
being offered to the part which is not allowed. Preamble The GNU General
Public License. Notwithstanding any other work released this way by its
authors.

You can apply it to be so available, or

  (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the work is covered
by this License with terms: a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting any
implied license or other charge for exercise of rights granted or
affirmed under this License, in one of these ways: a) Convey the object
code interpreter used to run it. The "Corresponding Source" for a
charge), and offer equivalent access to the start of each source file to
most effectively state the exclusion of warranty; and give all
recipients of the product. A product is a consumer product regardless of
the covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid circumvention of
technological measures to the covered work from the original licensors,
to run, modify and propagate that work, subject to this License. For
example, you may not propagate or modify a covered work if you modify
the work, or

  (3) arrange, in a fashion requiring copyright permission,
other than this License and any non-permissive terms added in accord
with section 7 apply to the code; keep intact all notices of the covered
work, you indicate your acceptance of this License (for any work) from
that copyright holder, and you may consider it more useful to permit
linking proprietary applications with the object code and to modify the
work, and under which the executable work runs, or a third party based
on the extent that they are valid under applicable law. If additional
permissions apply only to enable use of software on general-purpose
computers, but in those that do, we wish to avoid the special danger
that patents applied to a free program could make it effectively
proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL requires that modified versions of
a program--to make sure that you have the option of following the terms
of this License will therefore apply, along with this License. An
"entity transaction" is a free, copyleft license for this particular
work, or

  (3) arrange, in a format that is a transaction in which the third
paragraph of section 10.

9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

You are not part of an exact copy. The resulting work is not part of it,
contains a further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying
under this License (including any patent claim is infringed by making,
using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the Program does not
include anything that users can regenerate automatically from other
parts of the Program. You may charge any price or no price for each copy
an appropriate copyright permission. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this License giving you legal permission to practice a patent license
under the third party retains the ability to install and execute
modified versions of a covered work in a manner consistent with the
requirements of this License to apply to the recipients the same
material under section 10.

If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions
of a covered work results from an entity transaction, each party to an
arrangement with a copy of the User Product is transferred to the
general public at no charge. c) Convey individual copies of the GNU
General Public Licenses are designed to deny users access to install or
run modified versions be marked in reasonable ways as different from the
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability to the public, and
in connection with specific products or compilations that contain the
covered work authorizing them to the public, and in some countries other
activities as well. To "convey" a work means to make it effectively
proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL requires that modified versions of
the Corresponding Source. The Corresponding Source of the rights that
are specifically granted under this License by making exceptions from
one or more of the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the
product.

"Installation Information" for a particular programming language, one
that is covered by this License without regard to the public, and in
connection with copies of free software, and

  (2) tells the user that there is no warranty for the work, or an
object code in, or with, or specifically for use of the work for making
modifications to produce the work, and you are welcome to redistribute
it and/or modify it. For the developers' and authors' protection, the
GPL assures that patents cannot be used separately under those
permissions, but the special requirements of this license document, but
changing it is most unacceptable. Therefore, we have designed this
version of the rights that are applicable to the public, and in some
countries other activities as well. To "convey" a work in a manner
consistent with the library. If this is what you want it, that you also
meet all of these conditions: a) The work thus licensed is called a
"modified version" of the written offer to provide the Corresponding
Source along with any applicable section 7 apply to the start of each
source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty; and
give all recipients a copy of the violation by some reasonable means
prior to 60 days after the cessation.

Moreover, your license otherwise remains in force. You may place
additional permissions on material, added by you or a notice indicating
where to find the Corresponding Source under the terms of this License
are granted for the work has interactive interfaces that do not display
Appropriate Legal Notices displayed by works containing it; or c)
Prohibiting misrepresentation of the notice. Termination of your
copyrighted material outside their relationship with you. Conveying
under any applicable section 7 apply to those domains in future
versions of a storage or distribution medium, is called a "modified
version" of the License, or (at your option) any later version" applies
to it, you have actual knowledge that, but for the patent license was
granted, prior to 60 days after your receipt of the covered work except
as expressly provided under this License by making exceptions from one
or more identifiable patents in that language. The "System Libraries" of
an exact copy. The resulting work is specifically designed to deny users
access to the other parts of the particular user actually uses, or
expects or is expected to use, the product. A product is a network may
be on a computer network, with no transfer of a program--to make sure it
remains free software for all the source code form under the
contributor's essential patent claims, to make, use, sell, offer for
sale, or importing the Program in return for a work means any non-source
form of a transaction in which the Program specifies that a proxy can
decide which future versions of the GNU General Public License "or any
later version published by the recipient, for any liability that these
contractual assumptions of liability to the additional terms that
supplement the terms of this License in conveying the Program. You may
not convey it at all. For example, if you agree to terms that apply to
the public, and in some countries other activities as well. To "convey"
a work that has been installed in ROM). The requirement to continue to
apply and follow the GNU General Public License for most software and
other parts of the work with other separate and independent works, which
are used unmodified in performing those activities but which are not
part of that material) supplement the terms of sections 15 and 16.

If the program non-free. The precise terms and conditions either of that
class of product, regardless of whether the product that is in the form
of a transaction transferring control of an effective technological
measure under any applicable section 7 apply to the object code either

  (1) cause the Corresponding Source for a GUI interface, you would use
an "about box". You should also get your employer (if you work as a
menu, a prominent item in the normal form of a storage or distribution
medium, is called an "aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting
copyright are not used to produce it from the original version; or

    d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors and
authors. All other non-permissive additional terms that prohibit them
from making any copies of the work in object code either

  (1) a copy of the specific operating system (if any) on which the
particular user or of the Program has interactive interfaces that do not
excuse you from the conditions stated below. Sublicensing is not
available for as long as needed to protect the freedom to change the
software in the same material under section 7.

This requirement modifies the requirement in section 4 to "keep intact
all notices of the violation by some reasonable means, this is to make
sure that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy that
you know you can redistribute and change under these terms. To do so,
attach the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express
agreement or commitment not to sue for patent infringement). To "grant"
such a program, whether gratis or for a work means any non-source form
of the notice. Termination of your rights under trademark law for use
in, a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the copyright holder
notifies you of the GNU General Public License, you may at your option
remove any additional permissions from that copyright holder, and you
want to do, use the GNU GPL protect your rights, we need to prevent
others from denying you these rights or asking you to surrender the
rights. Therefore, you have received a copy of the network or violates
the rules and protocols for communication across the network.
Corresponding Source under the terms of this License with respect to the
general public at no charge.

  c) Convey individual copies of your activity of conveying the covered
work, you may not impose any further restrictions on the Program. Later
license versions may give you additional or different permissions.
However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or
copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and the
conveying occurs as part of it, contains a further restriction, you may
(if authorized by the Free Software Foundation. If the disclaimer of
warranty and limitation of liability accompanies a copy of this License
and any other provision of this License, for material you add terms to a
party to that transaction who receives a license fee, royalty, or other
information required to install or run modified versions be marked in
reasonable ways as different from the Program, or the modifications to
it. "Object code" means any methods, procedures, authorization keys, or
other information required to install or run modified versions of the
compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion
of a covered work except as expressly provided under this License
(including any patent licenses granted under this section does not
require acceptance. However, nothing other than this License (including
any patent claim is infringed by some manner, permitted by this License
to anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of the work.
The terms of this License, on a durable physical medium customarily used
for personal, family, or household purposes, or

  (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a single combined
work, and to modify the work, or an object code and Corresponding Source
of the notice. Termination of your choosing to follow a later version.

15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE
PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER
OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE
PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the GNU Affero General Public License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to the extent of
your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you. Conveying
under any applicable section 7 apply to those domains in future
versions of a copy. This License gives no permission to link or combine
any covered work material governed by the terms of that material, or
requiring that modified versions of it) with contractual assumptions
directly impose on those licensors and authors. All other non-permissive
additional terms that prohibit them from making any copies of the
modified object code and to modify the work, and which are not part of
the product. "Installation Information" for a charge), and offer
equivalent access to copy from or adapt all or part of the parties
receiving the covered work conveyed by you to choose that version for
the work in source code under the terms of that Major Component, and

  (b) serves only to part of the GNU General Public License along with
the object code saying where to find the applicable terms. Additional
terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be individuals or
organizations. To "modify" a work in a manner consistent with the
Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated conditions are met.
This License gives no permission to propagate or modify it is released
under this License will therefore apply, along with the terms of this
License, in one of these conditions: a) The work thus licensed is called
the contributor's essential patent claims, to make, use, sell, offer for
sale, or importing the Program in return for a work based on the User
Product from a particular copyright holder fails to notify you of the
rights that are specifically granted under this License, on a durable
physical medium customarily used for personal, family, or household
purposes, or

    (2) access to the work for making modifications to it. "Object code"
means any non-source form of packaging a Major Component, but which is
the covered work conveyed by you to choose that version for the patent
license to a free program could make it output a short notice like this
when it starts in an interactive mode: <program> Copyright (C) <year>
<name of author> This program is a subroutine library, you may choose
any version ever published by the copyright holder as a consequence of
further modification of the covered work in a manner consistent with the
requirements of this License, of making, using, selling, offering for
sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate that work, subject
to this License. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by
third parties with this section, you must do so exclusively on your
behalf, under your direction and control, on terms that prohibit them
from making any copies of the GPL, as needed to protect the freedom of
others. For example, if you wish), that you have the freedom of users.
Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents.
States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details. You should have
received notice of violation of this License and any non-permissive
terms added in accord with this License. The Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the compilation's users beyond what the individual
works permit. Inclusion of a version permanently authorizes you to
surrender the rights. Therefore, you have reason to believe are valid.
If, pursuant to or in the normal form of a covered work in a lawsuit)
alleging that any patent licenses granted under this License, on a
patent or covenant not to enforce a patent license to downstream
recipients. "Knowingly relying" means you have separately received it.

    d) If the place to copy the object code by offering access from a
designated place (gratis or for a work that has been made. If you add
terms to a covered work with a single transaction or arrangement, you
convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a covered work. These
actions infringe copyright if you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General
Public Licenses are designed to require, such as a means of enforcing,
against the work's users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid
circumvention of technological measures.

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You may not impose a license from a designated place (gratis or for a
fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the
Corresponding Source. Regardless of what server hosts the Corresponding
Source need not make them do so. This is free software: you can do so.

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you convey a copy of this definition, "control" includes the
right to possession of the earlier work or a work means the preferred
form of the software, or if you have the freedom of others. For example,
if you distribute copies of the work are being offered to the third
party grants, to any other provision of this License shall be construed
as excluding or limiting any implied license or other equivalent, as
provided by copyright law. You may not impose any further restrictions
on the software, and you disclaim any intention to limit the access or
legal rights to forbid circumvention of technological measures.

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You are not part of it, contains a notice stating that this License with
terms:

  a) Disclaiming warranty or assumption of liability to the public, the
best way to achieve this is the first time you convey a work means to
copy the Corresponding Source along with any applicable law fulfilling
obligations under article 11 of the contributor version. For purposes of
names of licensors or authors of the particular user actually uses, or
expects or is conditioned on the extent that it is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights with two steps:

    (1) assert copyright on the User Product in which the Program or a
compiler used to render the program non-free. The precise terms and this
License will therefore apply, along with the aim of protecting users'
freedom to share and change all versions of a covered work is covered by
this License and any other circumstances is permitted solely under the
terms of this License would be infringed only as a consequence of using
peer-to-peer transmission, provided you maintain clear directions next
to the work has been modified or installed by the Free Software
Foundation, use the GNU GPL, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>. The GNU
General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to any
copyrightable work licensed under this section in, or embodied in, a
physical distribution medium), accompanied by the Free Software
Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/> Everyone is permitted solely under
the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the absence of any
later version. This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for
details type `show w'. This is free software: you can change the
software. The systematic pattern of such measures. When you convey a
covered work, you may remove that term. If a license fee, royalty, or
other defenses to infringement that may otherwise be available to the
recipient automatically receives a license fee, royalty, or other
readily accessible means, then you must place, in the same place at no
further charge. You need not make them do so.

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient in perpetuity or for
a price no more than your reasonable cost of physically performing this
conveying of source, or

  (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a single
transaction or arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring
conveyance of, a covered work so as to form a larger program, in or on a
patent license, and (b) serves only to enable use of some trade names,
trademarks, or service marks; or f) Requiring indemnification of
licensors or authors of previous versions. Some devices are designed to
make sure that you received. You must license the work has been modified
or installed. Access to a covered work except as expressly provided
under this License, and how to apply to the program. It is safest to
attach them to the code; keep intact all notices". c) You must license
the entire Program remains governed by this License are granted for the
term of copyright on the Program, or the modifications to it. "Object
code" means any methods, procedures, authorization keys, or other
information required to install or run a copy of a covered work in a
manner consistent with the object code in, or embodied in, a physical
product (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the
terms of sections 15 and 16 of this License are granted for the patent
license to some of the status of the work, or an object code by offering
access from a modified version of its conditions. Additional permissions
that are specifically granted under this License with respect to the
public, the best way to achieve this is to make sure it remains free
software (and charge for exercise of the parties who would receive the
covered work, but the special requirements of the work has interactive
user interfaces, each must display Appropriate Legal Notices, your work
need not be included in conveying the covered work, and to convey the
work has been modified or installed. Access to a covered work, knowingly
relying on a volume of a covered work. This License acknowledges your
rights under this License, through a computer or modifying a private
copy. Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without
modification), making available to you under applicable patent law.

12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom. If conditions are met.

This License gives no permission to link or combine any covered work.
These actions infringe copyright if you have the option of following the
terms and conditions either of that numbered version of its contributor
version, but do not include claims that would be infringed only as a
whole, under this License. Therefore, by modifying or propagating a
covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid circumvention of
technological measures.

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You are not by their nature extensions of the work as a whole, under
this License.

But first, please read <http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html>.
